Add optional `IncludeDetectorPosition` to `CreateDetectorTable` (#38960)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.13.0/Framework/Algorithms/New_features/38960.rst

> - :ref:`CreateDetectorTable<algm-CreateDetectorTable>` now has an optional argument, ``IncludeDetectorPosition``, which, if `True`, will add a column, ``Position``, to the end of the ``DetectorTable``. This column gives the absolute detector position associated with each spectra in the table.

Reviewer: Not sure what `absolute detector position`  meant, would this also be accurate?
```suggestion
- :ref:`CreateDetectorTable<algm-CreateDetectorTable>` now has an optional argument, ``IncludeDetectorPosition``, which, if `True`, will add a column, ``Position``, to the end of the ``DetectorTable``. This column has the detector position as a ``V3D`` type object for each spectrum in the table.
```

Author: It is just what the doc string of `spectrumInfo().position()` said (`Returns the absolute position of the spectrum with the given index.`) and I didn't want to pass comment about how it was calculated - very happy to make the change, however

Reviewer: Fair enough `absolute position` seems to be used quite a lot in the repo...it looks to me like this is the average position of all the detectors contributing to the spectrum
https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/blob/979f1465b595e6a41fac0879cb78365b61e4703e/Framework/API/src/SpectrumInfo.cpp#L137-L144
I guess normally `absolute` would refer to the magnitude but it isn't in this case...
